your efforts have landed us here my
faithful friend the temple is complete
and we are about to embark upon our
greatest exploit for now relax and watch
as my net runners dance through the web
of cyberspace once inside the world is
at my fingertips begin
welcome to the global Defense Initiative
orbital defense matrix the world where
to strike where will the world most
keenly feel the blade of GDI treachery
you have done much to aid the
Brotherhood towards this final victory
the choice my friend
is yours
angry political leaders of the g7
nations issued a formal statement
denying complicity in last Tuesday's
tragedy involving the most famous
address in the world 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue Washington DC's renowned White
House the death toll and what some are
calling an unwarranted attack past 600
today as rescue workers and United
Nations teams continued to sift through
the rubble unearthing 12 more bodies
from what was once the seat of Western
democracy u.s. President Robert fielding
safe at Camp David at the time of the
explosion reiterated his support of the
UN statement despite growing opposition
to global Defense Initiative policies
fielding labeled the disaster quote a
mind-numbing accident
GDI Task Force commander General Mark
Sheppard accompanied by US attorney
general Nanci Griffith testified before
a Senate congressional hearing earlier
today Shepard once the Golden Boy of
international diplomacy wilted under
intense cross-examination from hostile
senators demanding explanations for the
blast that leveled the historic landmark
and
an international debate on a need for
more effective safeguards in the age of
high-tech warfare defensive but
unapologetic Shepard admitted he had no
idea how security access media